#summary Download a RoadRunner Release
#labels Featured

= Downloads =
!RoadRunner is distributed as

1) C++ API: This distribution contains all you need if you are to use roadrunner in a C++ environment.

2) C API: This distribution contains all you need if you are to use roadrunner in a C environment, or if you are using a tool that need a standard C library (DLL on Windows).

3) Python API: This distribution contains all you need if you are to use roadrunner in a Python environment.

4) All: This distribution is containing all of the above.

The official releases are being built using Visual Studio 2010. If you are interested in a release using other compilers e.g. !CodeGear XE or MinGW please let us know.

||*Description*||*Download Link*||Version||Build Date||
|| !RoadRunner (All) Installer||Not yet released||1.0|| xxxx ||
|| C++ API installer ||Not yet released||1.0|| xxxx ||
|| C API installer ||Not yet released||1.0|| xxxx ||
|| Python API installer ||Not yet released||1.0|| xxxx ||

== The Latest Build ==
Below are distributions containing release with the latest bugfixes and additions.
Observe that these releases may occasionaly be less stable than the official release.

These distributions do not contain the documentation. Documentation can be downloaded separately below.

||*Description*||*Download Link*||*SVN Revision*||*Build Date*||*Time*||
||!RoadRunner (All) ||[http://roadrunnerwork.googlecode.com/svn/releases/vs/RoadRunner-all.exe RoadRunner-all.exe] ||1123 ||2012-10-13 ||11:23 ||
||C++ ||[http://roadrunnerwork.googlecode.com/svn/releases/vs/RoadRunner-cpp.exe RoadRunner-cpp.exe] ||1123 ||2012-10-13 ||11:23 ||
||C ||[http://roadrunnerwork.googlecode.com/svn/releases/vs/RoadRunner-c.exe RoadRunner-c.exe] ||1123 ||2012-10-13 ||11:23 ||
||Python ||[http://roadrunnerwork.googlecode.com/svn/releases/vs/RoadRunner-python.exe RoadRunner-python.exe] ||1123 ||2012-10-13 ||11:23 ||

Take a look at the [http://roadrunnerwork.googlecode.com/svn/build_scripts/builder.log build log] file.

== Documentation ==
||*Description*||*Download Link*||*Version*||
||!RoadRunner (All) ||[http://roadrunnerwork.googlecode.com/svn/releases/cg/RoadRunner-all-docs.exe RoadRunner-all-docs.exe] || xxxx ||
||C++ ||[http://roadrunnerwork.googlecode.com/svn/releases/cg/RoadRunner-cpp-docs.exe RoadRunner-cpp-docs.exe] || xxxx ||
||C ||[http://roadrunnerwork.googlecode.com/svn/releases/cg/RoadRunner-c-docs.exe RoadRunner-c-docs.exe] || xxxx ||
||Python ||[http://roadrunnerwork.googlecode.com/svn/releases/cg/RoadRunner-python-docs.exe RoadRunner-python-docs.exe] || xxxx ||

